My own chain v2 (#1169)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/cosmjs-checkers-sections/cosmjs-gui.md

    }
    ```

>     Note that due to the limits of the `canPlayGuiMove` function, you can only test the first move of a multi-move turn. That is, it uses only `positions[0]` and `positions[1]` of a potentially longer move. You cannot just test the next moves anyway because it will be rejected for sure. For it to be passed, the board would have to be updated first in the blockchain state.

Author: ```suggestion
    Note that due to the limits of the `canPlayGuiMove` function, you can only test the first move of a multi-move turn. That is, it uses only `positions[0]` and `positions[1]` of a potentially longer move. You cannot just test the next moves anyway because they will be rejected for sure. For the other tests to pass, the board would have to be updated first in the blockchain state.
```
This more like what I wanted to say. Feel free to adjust.
